Production-quality versions of all figures, supplied as separate
files. Photographic images should be 300 dpi in RGB format (.jpg, TIFF
or native Photoshop format) and any labels/scale bars included in a
separate layer from the image. Line art, graphs and schemes should be
vector format (.ai, .eps, .pdf); Adobe Illustrator files are preferred
and will minimize production time.

A simple image or schematic that summarizes the manuscript in a visual
way for use as a thumbnail image on our website. Please provide a
single image and avoid the use of text. The file should be 100x100
pixels (minimum 72 dpi) in RGB format and should be uploaded as 'cover
art'.

If you wish, an interesting image (but not an illustration or
schematic) for consideration as a 'Featured Image' on the Nature
Communications homepage. Examples can be seen on our Facebook page:
http://go.nature.com/PGPizM. The file should be 300x300 pixels
(minimum 72 dpi) in RGB format and should be uploaded as 'cover
art'. Please also include a clear and concise legend in your cover
letter.

--------------------------------------------

Please use the following link to submit the above items:
http://mts-ncomms.nature.com/cgi-bin/main.plex?el=A7S7MFi7B7DzpC7I2A9Nms4vPPKgIkxqkjnc1yTwZ

Forms should be uploaded as 'related manuscript files' and should
include handwritten signatures: checklist, licenses, payment form

Completed and signed copies of our image License to Publish (LTP) for
your thumbnail and any Featured Image suggestions (please use one form
for each image and give a scientific description of the image in the
'title' field): Image Licence to Publish form

Completed and signed copies: for open access we require both: 1) An
open access LTP: Licence to Publish open access form

open access payment form: Payment form. Give the address to
invoice. For ISME j (also part of Nature group), the invoice came by
normal mail to the address of corresponding author. It that cannot be
changed, just scan the invoice and email to me. If possible, ask for
electronic invoice (instructions below) or give directly this mailing
address Helsingin yliopisto, PL 7138, 01051 Laskut, Finland. As a
reference, use H3048/Willem de Vos, WBS 1272870

